// March 6 2024 - The Warehouse no longer categorises most of their food products.
//  Will wait to see if it's temporary failure or a deliberate change.

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/cold-drinks/soft-drinks
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/cold-drinks/juice-cordial categories=juice
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/cold-drinks/sports-energy-drinks categories=energy-drinks

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/asian-foods categories=world-foods
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/dressings-mayonnaises categories=sauces
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/herbs-spices
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/mexican-foods categories=world-foods
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/oil categories=oils-vinegars
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/pasta
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/pickled-vegetables
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/rice-grains categories=rice
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/table-sauces categories=sauces
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/vinegars categories=oils-vinegars
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ingredients-sauces-oils/pasta-sauces categories=sauces

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/canned-food?q=chicken&prefn1=marketplaceItem&prefv1=The%20Warehouse categories=canned-meat
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/canned-food?q=beef&prefn1=marketplaceItem&prefv1=The%20Warehouse categories=canned-meat
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/canned-food?q=spaghetti&prefn1=marketplaceItem&prefv1=The%20Warehouse categories=beans-spaghetti
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/canned-food?q=beans&prefn1=marketplaceItem&prefv1=The%20Warehouse categories=beans-spaghetti
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/canned-food?q=tuna&prefn1=marketplaceItem&prefv1=The%20Warehouse categories=canned-fish

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/breakfast-foods/energy-cereal categories=cereal
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/breakfast-foods/kids-treats categories=cereal
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/breakfast-foods/light-health-bran-oats categories=cereal
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/breakfast-foods/muesli-granola categories=cereal
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/breakfast-foods/spreads

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/baking/sugar categories=baking
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/baking/flour categories=baking
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/search?q=market%20kitchen%20flour&prefn1=marketplaceItem&prefv1=The%20Warehouse categories=baking
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/baking/baking-needs categories=baking

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/milk-bread/milk
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/milk-bread/bread
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/milk-bread/cheese
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/search?q=farmer%20brown%20eggs&prefn1=marketplaceItem&prefv1=The%20Warehouse categories=eggs
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/milk-bread/butter
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/milk-bread/chilled-meats

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/pantry/ready-to-eat

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chips-snacks/biscuits
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chips-snacks/chips
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chips-snacks/snack-muesli-bars categories=muesli-bars
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chips-snacks/crackers
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chips-snacks/popcorn categories=other-snacks
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chips-snacks/nuts categories=nuts-bulk-mix

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/sweets-lollies

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/hot-beverages/coffee
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/hot-beverages/tea categories=black-tea
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/hot-beverages/drinking-chocolate

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chocolates/chocolate-share-packs categories=boxed-chocolate
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chocolates/boxed-chocolates categories=boxed-chocolate
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/food-drink/chocolates/chocolate-blocks categories=chocolate

https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/pet-care/cats/cat-food
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/pet-care/cats/cat-treats
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/pet-care/dogs/dog-food
https://www.thewarehouse.co.nz/c/food-pets-household/pet-care/dogs/dog-treats